You know how to build our application with me well let's just first open up our last project our demo
project
let's close the tip.
And as you can see we have may we have here and this that you can see all the comments for Maybin from
cleaning or project compiling testing packaging and creating all jar file.
So if we go over clean and you'll see that we have lots of different options we can arrange it just
command run after a rebuild or perform a rebuild.
Or we can even do a custom action but for the sake of this Glorio I'm just going to run this individual
command.
So if you double click this command and as you can see we have a console coming up and Mavin will run
clean up as you can see we have a success.
This is the cleaning process with MAVEN.
So Howard going to package our application to have a jar file to do that.
You can run install command and just double click it.
Maybe it will do it's downloading and installing some jar files some dependencies that it needs to package
your application
and in the end as you can see how our test results.
If we had tests in our application then we would have our results within this line as if they passed
or crashed or skipped.
As you see with this line our focus is on packaging or application.
So you can see that our job file is built and it's a success and it's installed under this directory.
Also Maybin has copied our application to its repository.
As you can see here so we can be a reference from our applications too.
So let's just check out our job file and see what it looks like.
So you'll notice that we have a target folder here which is actually we're Mavin says say use your application
package.
Let's check it out and see how all the sources that Mabon create it are class files palm files and other
source files.
You can also have your test results here.
Our main focus is our application package to run this jar file.
We can do a lot of different things and we can run this chart from the command line.
So now let's do that and give you a good practice.
Open up a command prompt.
Let's go to our project directory
and our project is demo and just check out the directory for and Ryke rectory.
And let's just go to Target and check it out once again.
Here we go.
We have our char file to run this application to run this package over our application.
All we have to do is say Jawa minus jar and our jar file Eurico.
If we had to enter and our application will start running.
Here we go.
We have our application running from the command line to Erica as you can see it's really easy to clean
test and package your application with maven and you have all the beauty of the command line to run
your application.